---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_icap_server Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_icap_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `advanced_connection_settings` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_connection_settings))
- `advanced_icap_settings` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_icap_settings))
- `basic_settings` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--basic_settings))
- `header_settings` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_settings))
- `scan_filtering_settings` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scan_filtering_settings))
- `server_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, Choose whether or not ICAP server to be enabled

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_connection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_connection_settings`

Optional:

- `connection_timeout` (Number) default:0, Indicates maximum connection tiomeout in seconds
- `enabled_ciphers` (String) default:'', A list of comma separated ciphers to be used for SSL connection. The default value is: TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256, TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256, TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256
- `enabled_protocols` (String) default:'', A list of comma separated SSL protocols to be enabled. The default value is: TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3
- `read_timeout` (Number) default:0, Read timeout in seconds
- `retry_attempts` (Number) default:0, Indicates maximum retry attempts in case of a connection failure. The value should be a non-negative one.
- `retry_delay` (Number) default:0, Indicates the delay between retry attempts in seconds. The value should be a non-negative one.


<a id="nestedatt--advanced_icap_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_icap_settings`

Optional:

- `enable_win_nt_format` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to report X-Authenticated-User in WinNT format in case of LDAP authentication.
- `stop_transfers_modify_or_not_handled` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to stop the transfer if ICAP server returns a MODIFY result or an unhandled status
- `treat_modify_as_block` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to treat the ICAP MODIFIED action as block


<a id="nestedatt--basic_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `basic_settings`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) default:'', ID of local certificate to be used for authentication.
- `connection_secure` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates if ICAP server should use secure connection
- `deny_on_connection_error` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to deny the transfer on connection failure
- `fips_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not FIPS transfer mode should be used.
- `include_filename` (Boolean) default:true, Indicates whether to report the absolute path to the transferred file inside the ICAP request
- `mail_addresses_on_icap_denied` (String) default:'', List of addresses to which email notifications must be sent in case of ICAP deny
- `mail_addresses_on_icap_error` (String) default:'', List of addresses to which email notifications must be sent in case of connection failure
- `max_size` (Number) default:0, Message maximum file size in MB to be sent to the ICAP server. If max message size is set to 0 or negative value, it is considered unlimited
- `name` (String) default:string, The name of the ICAP server
- `notify_on_icap_denied` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to enable email notifications on ICAP denied
- `notify_on_icap_error` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to enable email notifications on connection failure
- `preview_size` (Number) default:0, Preview size in KB. If it is set to 0 or negative value, the whole file is transfered to the ICAP server, otherwise the specified size of the file is sent first. Based on the result of the preview, the scan is either complete or the rest of the file is sent for scan as well.
- `type` (String) enum:"[BOTH INCOMING OUTGOING]", default:'', The type of the ICAP server: INCOMING, OUTGOING or BOTH. INCOMING means that scanning will be performed by this ICAP server for all Incoming transfers: File upload, AdHoc message creation, etc. OUTGOING means that scanning will be performed by this ICAP server for all Outgoing transfers: File download, Reading of an AdHoc message, etc. BOTH means that scanning will be performed by this ICAP server for all types of transfers
- `url` (String) default:'', The ICAP server URL in the following format: icap://dlpav-address:port/servicename. The 'servicename' could be the same as the mode of operation - REQMOD or RESPMOD, or it could be something custom and vendor specific. Examples: icap://dlpav-address:1344/AVSCAN, icap://dlpav-address:1344/REQMOD, icap://dlpav-address:11344/RESPMOD
- `verify_certificate` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates if server certificates should be verified or not.


<a id="nestedatt--header_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_settings`

Optional:

- `headers_mapping` (String) default:'', A list of semicolon separated key-value pairs of custom HTTP headers in the following format: 'key=value'. The separator sign '=' is mandatory.


<a id="nestedatt--scan_filtering_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scan_filtering_settings`

Optional:

- `ignored_file_type` (String) default:'', List of file extensions separated by comma. Files with these extensions will not be scanned
- `only_if_partner_recipient` (Boolean) default:false, Enables or disables ICAP scanning for AdHoc messages if at least one of the recipients is partner. User type - internal or partner - is controlled by the account setting. Possible values are 'Internal' - internal accounts - and 'Partner' - external accounts. If the type of a recipient cannot be identified, the account will be considered External.
- `policy_expression` (String) default:'', The field allows the usage of ST Expression Language. Based on this expression scanning will be performed or not. Example: ${env['DXAGENT_PROTOCOL'] ne 'ssh'}. Translation: Do not scan if the transfer is taking place over SSH protocol
- `without_bu` (Boolean) default:false, Indicates whether or not to enable ICAP scanning for accounts with no Business Unit assigned
