---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_as2 Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_as2 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the site is created
- `as2_url` (String) Specify the remote site URL.
- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) default:PRIVATE, The access level for this site.
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `alternative_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alternative_addresses))
- `cipher_suites` (String) Cipher suites for as2 site.
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `dmz` (String) default:none, Specify the remote site network zone. It can be 'any', 'none', 'Default' or custom network zone.
- `fips_mode` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the FIPS transfer mode is enabled.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `protocol` (String) default:AS2, <nil>
- `protocols` (String) default:'', Enabled SSL protocols for as2 site.
- `receiver_as2_id` (String) default:'', Specify the remote site AS2 name. Each AS2 transfer site for a user must have a unique Server AS2 Name(senderAs2Id) or Remote Site AS2 Name (receiverAs2Id).
- `receiver_email` (String) default:'', Specify the remote site email.
- `remote_encryption_certificate` (String) default:'', encrypt X509Certificate alias in the keystore for this partner
- `remote_signing_certificate` (String) default:'', signs X509Certificate alias in the keystore for this partner.
- `sender_as2_id` (String) default:'', Specify the server site AS2 name. Each AS2 transfer site for a user must have a unique Server AS2 Name(senderAs2Id) or Remote Site AS2 Name (receiverAs2Id).
- `sender_email` (String) default:'', Specify the server site email.
- `server_encryption_certificate` (String) default:'', encrypt X509Certificate alias in the keystore for this server
- `server_signing_certificate` (String) default:'', signs X509Certificate alias in the keystore for this server.
- `subject` (String) default:'', Specify the message subject.
- `transfer_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transfer_settings))
- `transfer_type` (String) default:internal, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:AS2, <nil>

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alternative_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alternative_addresses`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host/url of the alternative address.
- `port` (String) The port of the alternative address.
- `position` (Number) The position when alternate addresses.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the site alternative address


<a id="nestedatt--transfer_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transfer_settings`

Optional:

- `as2_mdn_options` (String) default:'', Specify mdn options e.g 'signed-receipt-protocol=optional, pkcs7-signature; signed-receipt-micalg=optional, sha1'.
- `as2_mdn_url` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if site should request receipt for all transfers. Anything but empty or null value will trigger STAS2Sender to put MDN headers in message.
- `client_certificate` (String) default:'', The client certificate ID used for mutual authentication.
- `compress` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the message should be compressed.
- `do_as_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to receive the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. '${stenv['target']}_${random()}'.
- `do_as_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to send the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. '${stenv['target']}_${random()}'.
- `enable_chunked` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if file chunking is enabled (large files are sent in multiple parts).
- `encrypt` (String) default:'', Specify encryption. It can be '3des', 'rc2' (RC2/40), 'rc2/64', 'rc2/128'. NOTE: RC2/40, RC2/64 and RC2/128 are not FIPS compilant.
- `mime_type` (String) default:'', Specify the message MIME Type.
- `receiver_password` (String) default:'', Specify the site receiver password encrypted in 'AES128'. This property should be set if 'requireBA' is 'true'.
- `receiver_user_name` (String) default:'', Specify the site receiver username. This property should be set if 'requireBA' is 'true'.
- `require_ba` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if Basic Authentication is required.
- `require_encrypt` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if Encryption is required.
- `require_sign` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if Signature is required.
- `require_ssl` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if SSL Connection is required.
- `sender_password` (String) default:'', Specify the site sender password encrypted in 'AES128'.
- `sender_user_name` (String) default:'', Specify the site sender username.
- `sign` (String) default:'', Specify signing e.g. 'sha1'.
- `subject` (String) default:'', Specify the email subject.
- `transfer_timeout` (Number) default:600, Specify the transfer timeout in seconds.
