---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_ftp Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_ftp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the site is created
- `host` (String) Specify the remote site server host.
- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.
- `user_name` (String) Specify the site login username.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) default:PRIVATE, The access level for this site.
- `active_mode` (Boolean) default:false, Define whether the Active Connection Mode is enabled.
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `alternative_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alternative_addresses))
- `ccc` (Boolean) default:false, Clear command channel. 'true' indicates if Clear Command Channel option should be used when connecting to site, 'false' if not to be used.
- `cipher_suites` (String) Cipher suites for ftp site.
- `client_certificate` (String) default:'', The client certificate ID used for mutual authentication.
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `dmz` (String) default:none, Specify the remote site network zone. It can be 'any', 'none', 'Default' or custom network zone.
- `download_folder` (String) default:/, Specify the download folder.
- `download_folder_advanced_expression_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, When it is 'true' the download folder is evaluated using expression language.
- `download_pattern` (String) default:*, Specify the download pattern.
- `download_pattern_advanced_expression_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, When it is 'true' the download pattern is evaluated using expression language.
- `fips_mode` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the FIPS Transfer Mode is enabled or disabled. This property can be set if FTPS (issecure) is used. disabled.
- `hostname_verification` (String) default:DEFAULT, Verify if the remote host taking part of a data connection is the same as the host to which the control connection is attached.
- `is_secure` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if FTPS is used or not.
- `match_any_line_terminators` (Boolean) default:false, Tanscode any line terminators in ASCII mode.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `password` (String) default:'', Specify the site login password encrypted in 'AES128'. This property should be set if 'usePassword' is 'true'.
- `port` (String) default:22, Specify the remote site server port.
- `post_transmission_actions` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--post_transmission_actions))
- `preferred_method` (String) default:default, Specify the preferred FTP command when entering FTP passive mode.
- `protocol` (String) default:ftp, <nil>
- `protocols` (String) Enabled SSL protocols for ftp site.
- `site_command` (String) default:'', Specify the SITE commands.
- `tls_shutdown_ccc` (Boolean) default:false, TLC Shutdown on CCC. 'true' means that the client should shutdown TLS session on 'Clear Command Channel' and 'false' that it should not shutdown the TLS session on 'Clear Command Channel'.
- `transfer_mode` (String) default:AUTO_DETECT, Specify the transfer mode.
- `transfer_type` (String) default:internal, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:ftp, <nil>
- `upload_command` (String) default:STOR, Specify the FTP upload command that will be used when server initiated transfer is executed.
- `upload_folder` (String) default:/, Specify the upload folder.
- `upload_folder_overridable` (Boolean) default:false, Defines if the upload folder can be modified by the Send To Partner routing step.
- `use_password` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the login password should be set.
- `use_password_expr` (Boolean) default:false, Specify whether to have password expressions or not.
- `verify_cert` (Boolean) default:false, Verify certificate for this site. 'true' indicates that remote server's certificate should be verified. 'false' indicates that remote server's certificate should not be verified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alternative_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alternative_addresses`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host/url of the alternative address.
- `port` (String) The port of the alternative address.
- `position` (Number) The position when alternate addresses.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the site alternative address


<a id="nestedatt--post_transmission_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `post_transmission_actions`

Optional:

- `delete_on_perm_fail_in` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the source file on failure after the transmission.
- `delete_on_perm_fail_out` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the destination file on failure after the transmission.
- `delete_on_success_in` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the source file on success after the transmission.
- `delete_on_temp_fail_out` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the destination file on temporary failure after the transmission.
- `do_as_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to receive the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. ${stenv['target']}_${random()}.
- `do_as_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to send the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. ${stenv['target']}_${random()}.
- `move_on_perm_fail_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_perm_fail_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_success_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on success. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_success_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on success. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_temp_fail_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on temporary failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
