---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_custom Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_custom (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the site is created
- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the site.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) default:PRIVATE, The access level for this site.
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `client_certificate` (String) default:'', The client certificate ID used for mutual authentication.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String)
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `transfer_type` (String) default:internal, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:ExternalPersistedCustomSite, Type of the site.

### Read-Only

- `custom_properties_all` (Map of String)
- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)
