---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_synchrony_transfer Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_synchrony_transfer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) enum:/PRIVATE/PUBLIC/BUSINESS_UNIT, default:'', The access level for this site.
- `account` (String) default:'', The account for which the site is created
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `additional_properties` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_properties))
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `host` (String) default:'', Specify the remote partner host.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `partner` (String) default:'', Partner property for synchrony site.
- `password` (String) default:'', Specify the site login password.
- `port` (String) default:'', Specify the remote partner port.
- `protocol` (String) default:"synchrony transfer", <nil>
- `site_template` (String) default:'', The site template of the site
- `transfer_profile` (String) default:'', Transfer profile entity for synchrony site.
- `transfer_type` (String) enum:/false/I/E, default:false, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:"synchrony transfer", <nil>
- `use_password_expr` (Boolean) default:false, Specify whether to have password expressions or not.
- `username` (String) default:'', Specify the site login username.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--additional_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_properties`

Optional:

- `appcycid` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `appobjid` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `direction` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `f_name` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `free_msg` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `ida` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `ipart` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `max_date` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `max_time` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `min_date` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `min_time` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `n_idf` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `nf_name` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `pri` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `r_user` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `rappl` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `s_user` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `sappl` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `state` (String) default:'', <nil>
- `trk` (String) default:'', <nil>
