---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_adhoc Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_adhoc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) enum:/PRIVATE/PUBLIC/BUSINESS_UNIT, default:'', The access level for this site.
- `account` (String) default:'', The account for which the site is created
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `alternative_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alternative_addresses))
- `bcc_email_addresses` (String) default:'', Specify the BCC email addresses. Separate email addresses by semicolon (;).
- `body` (String) default:'', Specify the message to be sent.
- `cc_email_addresses` (String) default:'', Specify the CC email addresses. Separate email addresses by semicolon (;).
- `challenge` (String) default:'', Specify secret question. This property should be defined only when 'securityLevel' is 'CHALLENGED_LINK'
- `confirm_response` (String) default:'', Confirm the answer to the secret question. This property should be defined only when 'securityLevel' is 'CHALLENGED_LINK'
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `expiration` (String) enum:"/1440 (1 day)/10080 (7 days)/43200 (30 days)/86400 (60 days)/Never", default:'', Specify the site expiration interval in minutes.
- `from_email_address` (String) default:'', Specify the From email address. If not specified, the e-mail of the user account will be used.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `notification_template` (String) default:'', Specify the notification mail template of the site.
- `protocol` (String) default:adhoc, <nil>
- `response` (String) default:'', Specify the answer to the secret question. This property should be defined only when 'securityLevel' is 'CHALLENGED_LINK'
- `security_level` (String) enum:/ANONYMOUS_LINK/CHALLENGED_LINK/EXISTING_ACCOUNT/ENROLL_UNLICENSED/ENROLL_LICENSED, default:'', Specify the delivery method of the site.
- `send_as` (String) default:'', Specify a value to send the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. ${stenv['target']}_${random()}.
- `send_file_as_attachment` (Boolean) default:false, Specify whether to send the file also as an email attachment.
- `subject` (String) default:'', Subject property for adhoc site.
- `to_email_addresses` (String) default:'', Specify the TO email addresses. Separate email addresses by semicolon (;).
- `transfer_type` (String) enum:/false/I/E, default:false, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:adhoc, <nil>

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alternative_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alternative_addresses`

Optional:

- `host` (String) default:'', The host/url of the alternative address.
- `port` (String) default:'', The port of the alternative address.
- `position` (Number) default:0, The position when alternate addresses.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the site alternative address
