---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_standard_router_application Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_standard_router_application (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique application name

### Optional

- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `business_units` (List of String) default:[], <nil>
- `drop_folder` (String) default:'', The drop folder.
- `inbox_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, [Send files to Subscribers] When this property is set to true then permit outgoing file transfers from the application to the subscribed parties. The properties INBOX_FOLDER and ID_FROM_FILENAME_EXTRACTION_PATTERN can be set
- `inbox_folder` (Boolean) default:false, [Receive folder] The name of the folder where outgoing transferred files are submitted to the subscriber. The receive folder is created as a sub-folder of the subscription folder
- `inbox_id_pattern` (String) default:false, A pattern in the ID Pattern box to define the ID of the subscriber to whom files are routed. By default, the pattern is &lt;ID&gt;\_&lt;FILENAME&gt; where, &lt;ID&gt; is a regular expression corresponding to the Subscriber ID specified when the subscription is created, &lt;FILENAME&gt; is the original name of the transferred file and and "\_" is the delimiter. The use of the placeholders, &lt;ID&gt;,&lt;FILENAME&gt; and the delimiter in the new file name format is mandatory.
- `managed_by_cg` (Boolean) default:false, This property indicates whether the application is managed by Central Governance.
- `notes` (String) default:'', An unstructured comments (description) for the application entity
- `outbox_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, [Allow Subscribers to Submit files in this Application] When this property is set to true then permit incoming file transfers from the subscriber parties to the application and following properties can be set: OUTBOX_FOLDER, SECURE_CONNECTION_REQUIRED, RENAME_FILES and OUTGOING_FILENAME_FORMAT
- `outbox_file_format` (String) default:false, The format of the new file name. By default, the file is renamed in the format &lt;ID&gt;\_&lt;FILENAME&gt; where, &lt;ID&gt; is the Subscriber ID specified when the subscription is created, &lt;FILENAME&gt; is the original name of the transferred file and "\_" is the delimiter. The use of the placeholders, &lt;ID&gt;,&lt;FILENAME&gt; and the delimiter in the new file name format is mandatory
- `outbox_folder` (String) default:'', The name of the folder where incoming transferred files are submitted via subscriptions
- `rename_files_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, Define whether to add a prefix to the file name identifying the sender before it is sent to the internal system
- `secure_connection_required` (Boolean) default:false, Define whether to enable SSL for the incoming transfers
- `type` (String) default:StandardRouter, <nil>

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The application ID
- `last_updated` (String)
