---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_folder_monitoring Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_folder_monitoring (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the site is created
- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) default:PRIVATE, The access level for this site.
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `download_folder` (String) default:'', Specify the download folder. When 'download.folder.advanced.expression.enabled' is checked the download folder is evaluated using expression language.
- `download_folder_advanced_expression_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, When it is 'true' the download folder is evaluated using expression language.
- `download_pattern` (String) default:*, Specify the download pattern.
- `download_pattern_advanced_expression_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, When it is 'true' the download pattern is evaluated using expression language.
- `download_pattern_case_sensitive` (Boolean) default:true, Defines whether the download pattern is case sensitive.
- `download_pattern_type` (String) default:glob, Specify the download pattern type. Pattern matching expression supports 'glob' and 'regex' syntaxes.When the pattern type is "File Globbing" then the String representation of the filename is matched using a limited pattern language that resembles regular expressions but with a simpler syntax.
- `download_subfolder_max_depth` (Number) default:1, Specify the maximum depth of the subfolders to monitor.
- `download_subfolder_pattern` (String) default:'', Specify the pattern used to match folder names to determine whether to apply the download pattern to the folder.
- `download_subfolder_pattern_case_sensitive` (Boolean) default:true, Defines whether the subfolder download pattern is case sensitive.
- `download_subfolder_pattern_type` (String) default:glob, Specify the dowlnload pattern type. Pattern matching expression supports 'glob' and 'regex' syntaxes. When the pattern type is "File Globbing" then the String representation of the filename is matched using a limited pattern language that resembles regular expressions but with a simpler syntax.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `post_transmission_actions` (Attributes) default:{} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--post_transmission_actions))
- `protocol` (String) default:folder, <nil>
- `transfer_type` (String) default:internal, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:folder, <nil>
- `upload_folder` (String) default:'', Specify the upload folder.
- `upload_folder_autocreate` (Boolean) default:false, Defines if the Upload Folder will be automatically created if it doesn't exist.The automatically created folder will be owned by the user running the SecureTransport TM Server process. Privileges are calculated according to the OS umask (not the Users.DefaultUmask Server Configuration parameter).
- `upload_folder_expression_support` (Boolean) default:false, When it is 'true' the upload folder is evaluated using expression language.
- `upload_folder_overridable` (Boolean) default:false, Defines if the upload folder can be modified by the Send To Partner routing step.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--post_transmission_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `post_transmission_actions`

Optional:

- `delete_on_perm_fail_in` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the source file on failure after the transmission.
- `delete_on_perm_fail_out` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the destination file on failure after the transmission.
- `delete_on_success_in` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the source file on success after the transmission.
- `delete_on_temp_fail_out` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether to delete the destination file on temporary failure after the transmission.
- `do_as_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to receive the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. ${stenv['target']}_${random()}.
- `do_as_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to send the file with a different name. An expression language can be used to specify a file name e.g. ${stenv['target']}_${random()}.
- `move_on_perm_fail_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_perm_fail_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_success_in` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on success. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_success_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on success. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
- `move_on_temp_fail_out` (String) default:'', Specify a value to rename the file after transmission or move it to a different folder on temporary failure. An expression language can be used to specify a file name/folder.
