---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_site_cd Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_site_cd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the site is created
- `name` (String) The type of the site. Acts as a discriminator.
- `user_name` (String) Specify the site login username.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) default:PRIVATE, The access level for this site.
- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `certificate_id` (String) default:'', Speficy the site login certificate's id. This property should be set if 'useCertificate' is 'true'.
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether it is a default site. Only site from type PeSIT can be marked as 'Default'
- `local_server_name` (String) default:'', Specify the local server name.
- `local_server_port` (String) default:'', Specify the local server port.
- `max_concurrent_connection` (Number) default:0, The max concurrent connection of the site
- `password` (String) default:'', Specify the site login password encrypted in 'AES128'. This property should be set if 'usePassword' is 'true'.
- `protocol` (String) default:cd, <nil>
- `rec_script` (String) default:'', Specify the receive script.
- `send_script` (String) default:'', Specify the send script.
- `site_template` (String) default:'', The site template of the site
- `submit_script_within_file` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the script contains unicode characters and has to be submitted within a file.
- `transfer_mode` (String) default:AUTO_DETECT, Specify the transfer mode.
- `transfer_type` (String) default:internal, The transfer type of the site. It can be unspecified (N), internal (I), partner(E)
- `type` (String) default:cd, <nil>
- `use_certificate` (Boolean) default:false, Specify if the login certificate should bet set. With Connect:Direct, this field is NOT required only when either (or both) field "siteTemplate" or field "usePassword" is set.
- `use_password` (Boolean) default:true, Specify if the login password should be set. With Connect:Direct, this field is NOT required only when either (or both) field "siteTemplate" or field "useCertificate" is set.
- `use_password_expr` (Boolean) default:false, Specify whether to have password expressions or not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the site.
- `last_updated` (String)
