---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xmft_st_transfer_profile Resource - xmft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# xmft_st_transfer_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account for which the transfer profile is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the transfer profile.

### Optional

- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+
and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is
a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `default` (Boolean) default:false, Defines whether this transfer profile is default or not.
- `file_label_option` (String) enum:/DONT_SEND/SEND_FILENAME/SEND_FILENAME_AND_PATH, default:DONT_SEND, Determines whether the file name and the path, relative to the account's home folder, are sent. Corresponds to PI 37.
- `multi_select` (Boolean) default:false, Determines the files to retrieve - all files that match the specified pattern (true) or just the first one (false).
- `padding_strip_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, Enables/disables padding character removal. Can be used only when advancedSettings.enabled is false.
- `receive_mapping` (String) default:/${pesit.fileLabel}, Determines the name of the received file. It is either a file name or an expression language pattern. The expression must not contain '*' or '?'.
- `record_format` (String) enum:/Variable/Fixed, default:Variable, Sets the record format of the transferred file. Can be used only when advancedSettings.enabled is false.
- `record_length` (Number) max:32767, default:32767, Sets the record length of the transferred file. It must be a positive integer. Can be used only when advancedSettings.enabled is false.
- `send_mapping` (String) default:/*, Determines the files to send. It is either a file name (for Client Initiated Transfers only), a wildcard pattern or an EL expression.
- `sending_acknowledgment_enabled` (Boolean) default:false, If set to true, SecureTransport automatically acknowledges the transfer after its processing completes successfully.
- `transfer_mode` (String) enum:/BINARY/ASCII/EBCDIC/EBCDIC_NATIVE, default:BINARY, The transfer mode used when advancedSettings.enabled is false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the transfer profile.
- `last_updated` (String)
